Patient Identifier Sticker should get the sticker from the backend (#2433)
openmrs/openmrs-esm-patient-chart: packages/esm-patient-label-printing-app/README.md

# esm-patient-label-printing-app

> Patient Label Printing microfrontend is designed to provide a flexible and extensible printing mechanism that can be easily integrated into multiple contexts within the application. Its core architecture will support print actions in diverse scenarios, such as patient management apps like Queues, clerical views, and billing interfaces, enabling quick and standardized print functionality for various document types including patient records, receipts, and other critical documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Patient label printing frontend module provides a flexible and extensible printing mechanism that integrates easily into various parts of the application. Its core architecture supports print actions across diverse contexts—such as patient management apps like queues, clerical views, and billing interfaces—enabling fast, standardized printing of documents like patient records, receipts, and other critical materials.
```

nit: grammar
